README.md, before:

OS2Web ESDH Provider
==============================

Description
-----------
This module provides an ESDH Provider to publish to any
publishing service. Uses Adlib service to convert files to pdf.

Dependencies
-----------
- os2web_adlib_api
- ctools

Configuration
-----------
Configuration of the ESDH provider can be accessed at [admin/config/os2web/esdh_provider]

Installation
-----------
This module should reside in the modules directory of the installation,
most commonly profiles/os2web/modules/, but alternativly in sites/all/modules
(This could be for development purposes).

See https://github.com/syddjurs/os2web/wiki for further instructions.

This module can also be installed with drush make in your install profile.

Licence and copyright
---------------------
OS2Web is Copyright (c) 2012 Syddjurs Kommune, Denmark

OS2Web is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

OS2Web is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

Additional Info
---------------
This repository should be governed using Git Flow. for more information see
http://nvie.com/posts/a-successful-git-branching-model/

Note: This module is still dependant on modules in the full OS2Web suite
(https://github.com/OS2web/os2web), as the seperation of those are still WIP.

Commit message:

Improvements to status page, queueing meetings.
* Updated README.md
* Sensible ordering of items on status page
* Moved queueing of meeting imports to os2web_esdh_provider.queue.php

README.md, after:

OS2Web ESDH Provider
==============================

Description
-----------
This module provides an ESDH Provider to publish to any
publishing service. Uses Adlib service to convert files to pdf.

Dependencies
-----------
- os2web_adlib_api
- ctools

Configuration
-----------
Configuration of the ESDH provider can be accessed at [admin/config/os2web/esdh_provider]

Installation
-----------
This module should reside in the modules directory of the installation,
most commonly profiles/os2web/modules/, but alternativly in sites/all/modules
(This could be for development purposes).

See https://github.com/syddjurs/os2web/wiki for further instructions.

This module can also be installed with drush make in your install profile.

### External queue
If external queue is selected from settings, `os2web_esdh_provider.queue.php`, must be
executed using the servers crontab. This can be done using `drush php-script`, see
<http://drush.ws/#php-script>

Licence and copyright
---------------------
OS2Web is Copyright (c) 2012 Syddjurs Kommune, Denmark

OS2Web is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

OS2Web is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

Additional Info
---------------
This repository should be governed using Git Flow. for more information see
http://nvie.com/posts/a-successful-git-branching-model/

Note: This module is still dependant on modules in the full OS2Web suite
(https://github.com/OS2web/os2web), as the seperation of those are still WIP.
